README.md, before:

# sauce
Playwright end-to-end tests for the "saucedemo" web application. It verifies key user flows: logging in, adding an item to the cart, proceeding to checkout, entering shipping information, and completing a purchase with confirmation. Each test simulates a typical user action and checks the expected outcome.


## Requirements
- Node.js v18+
- Playwright


## Test Summaries

- **User can log in with valid credentials and is redirected to product catalog**  
  Verifies that a user can successfully log in and is taken to the inventory page.

- **User can add an item to the cart and see the cart count update**  
  Checks that adding an item to the cart updates the cart badge and the item appears in the cart.

- **User can proceed to checkout from cart page**  
  Ensures that the user can navigate from the cart page to the checkout page.

- **User can enter shipping info and proceed to overview**  
  Verifies that the user can enter shipping information and move to the order overview page.

- **User can finish checkout and see confirmation**  
  Confirms that the user can complete the checkout process and sees the order confirmation message.

  ## How to Run the Test
1. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the test:
   ```sh
   npx playwright test tests/saucedemo.test.js
   ```

> **Note:** 
For consistency, use the latest stable version of Playwright by running:
> ```sh
> npm install -D playwright@latest
> ```


## Notes
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡤⠤⠤⣄⠀⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠤⢴⣴⠒⠉⠹⣴⣏⠀⠀⠀⡀⠈⢇⠀⠀⣼⠀⠀⠀⠘⣶⠇⠀⢨⢃⡾⠓⠲⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⣀⠤⠔⠒⠙⣯⣇⠀⠈⣿⣇⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⣷⠀⠘⡄⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⠀⠀⢸⡏⠇⠀⢀⠇⣀⠤⠒⠒⠤⣄
⢰⡖⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣸⣿⠀⠀⠉⠉⠀⠀⢸⠁⣿⠀⠈⠉⠁⠀⢱⠀⣿⠀⠀⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⡸⠀⠀⠘⠉⠀⠀⣀⣤⣴⠟
⢼⢣⣀⣴⡀⠀⠘⡿⠏⠗⡆⠀⠠⣶⡆⠀⠸⡄⡏⠀⠀⣶⣷⠀⠀⢧⣿⠀⠀⣿⡆⠀⠀⢸⣿⠃⠀⢰⡄⠀⠐⡿⠛⠋⠀⠀
⠘⢿⡿⢿⣧⠀⠀⢳⠀⢸⠸⠀⠀⢹⣧⢀⣀⣷⣧⣤⣤⠛⣏⣦⣤⣾⣿⢦⣤⣿⢸⣄⣀⣼⡏⠀⢠⡟⡇⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢏⢇⠀⠀⣣⠀⣆⣷⣶⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⢷⡿⠟⣠⠟⠋⠛⢿⡛⠛⠿⡼⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣶⠞⡅⢸⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣾⣿⣿⠇⢠⣟⠉⠙⠷⡿⠀⠀⠀⢸⢀⡼⠁⠀⣀⠀⠀⠹⡄⡼⡇⠀⠀⡜⣸⡏⠙⠢⣧⣾⣦⣀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⡾⠀⠀⣼⣿⢷⠀⠀⢻⢱⠀⠀⢀⣿⡿⠀⠀⢠⠋⢻⡿⠿⣏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳⣿⣿⠆⠀⠀⢸⡏⡇⠀⠀⡏⡟⡟⠀⠀⢸⡸⠀⠀⢸⣿⠃⠀⠀⡜⡰⢩⠃⠀⠈⣱⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⢹⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⡇⠀⠀⠙⠋⠀⠀⢀⡏⡇⠀⠀⠘⠋⠀⠀⣰⣱⢣⠇⠀⠀⣰⠃⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡘⡎⠀⠀⠀⡏⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣷⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣯⣧⣾⣦⣄⣰⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣧⣧⣤⣶⣶⠃⠘⢿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣾⠟⠉⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣠⣴⢏⣽⠋⠉⠙⢿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠛⠛⠛⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⠻⠿⠟⠋⠁⣿⣿⣦⣀⣀⡼⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠛⠛⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀

Commit message:

negative test cases added for login

README.md, after:

# sauce
Playwright end-to-end tests for the "saucedemo" web application. It verifies key user flows: logging in, adding an item to the cart, proceeding to checkout, entering shipping information, and completing a purchase with confirmation. Each test simulates a typical user action and checks the expected outcome.


## Requirements
- Node.js v18+
- Playwright


## Test Summaries

### Positive Tests

- **User can log in with valid credentials and is redirected to product catalog**  
  Verifies that a user can successfully log in and is taken to the inventory page.

- **User can add an item to the cart and see the cart count update**  
  Checks that adding an item to the cart updates the cart badge and the item appears in the cart.

- **User can proceed to checkout from cart page**  
  Ensures that the user can navigate from the cart page to the checkout page.

- **User can enter shipping info and proceed to overview**  
  Verifies that the user can enter shipping information and move to the order overview page.

- **User can finish checkout and see confirmation**  
  Confirms that the user can complete the checkout process and sees the order confirmation message.

### Negative Tests

- **User cannot log in with invalid username**  
  Verifies that login fails with an invalid username and shows an error message.

- **User cannot log in with invalid password**  
  Verifies that login fails with an invalid password and shows an error message.

  ## How to Run the Test
1. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the test:
   ```sh
   npx playwright test tests/saucedemo.test.js
   ```

> **Note:** 
For consistency, use the latest stable version of Playwright by running:
> ```sh
> npm install -D playwright@latest
> ```


## Notes
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡤⠤⠤⣄⠀⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠤⢴⣴⠒⠉⠹⣴⣏⠀⠀⠀⡀⠈⢇⠀⠀⣼⠀⠀⠀⠘⣶⠇⠀⢨⢃⡾⠓⠲⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⣀⠤⠔⠒⠙⣯⣇⠀⠈⣿⣇⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⣷⠀⠘⡄⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⠀⠀⢸⡏⠇⠀⢀⠇⣀⠤⠒⠒⠤⣄
⢰⡖⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣸⣿⠀⠀⠉⠉⠀⠀⢸⠁⣿⠀⠈⠉⠁⠀⢱⠀⣿⠀⠀⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⡸⠀⠀⠘⠉⠀⠀⣀⣤⣴⠟
⢼⢣⣀⣴⡀⠀⠘⡿⠏⠗⡆⠀⠠⣶⡆⠀⠸⡄⡏⠀⠀⣶⣷⠀⠀⢧⣿⠀⠀⣿⡆⠀⠀⢸⣿⠃⠀⢰⡄⠀⠐⡿⠛⠋⠀⠀
⠘⢿⡿⢿⣧⠀⠀⢳⠀⢸⠸⠀⠀⢹⣧⢀⣀⣷⣧⣤⣤⠛⣏⣦⣤⣾⣿⢦⣤⣿⢸⣄⣀⣼⡏⠀⢠⡟⡇⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢏⢇⠀⠀⣣⠀⣆⣷⣶⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⢷⡿⠟⣠⠟⠋⠛⢿⡛⠛⠿⡼⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣶⠞⡅⢸⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣾⣿⣿⠇⢠⣟⠉⠙⠷⡿⠀⠀⠀⢸⢀⡼⠁⠀⣀⠀⠀⠹⡄⡼⡇⠀⠀⡜⣸⡏⠙⠢⣧⣾⣦⣀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⡾⠀⠀⣼⣿⢷⠀⠀⢻⢱⠀⠀⢀⣿⡿⠀⠀⢠⠋⢻⡿⠿⣏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳⣿⣿⠆⠀⠀⢸⡏⡇⠀⠀⡏⡟⡟⠀⠀⢸⡸⠀⠀⢸⣿⠃⠀⠀⡜⡰⢩⠃⠀⠈⣱⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⢹⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⡇⠀⠀⠙⠋⠀⠀⢀⡏⡇⠀⠀⠘⠋⠀⠀⣰⣱⢣⠇⠀⠀⣰⠃⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡘⡎⠀⠀⠀⡏⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣷⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣯⣧⣾⣦⣄⣰⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣧⣧⣤⣶⣶⠃⠘⢿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣾⠟⠉⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣠⣴⢏⣽⠋⠉⠙⢿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠛⠛⠛⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⠻⠿⠟⠋⠁⣿⣿⣦⣀⣀⡼⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠛⠛⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
